5.0 4 - Mark the OVAL data consumption as tech preview (#3849)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/auditing.adoc

In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Audit[CVE Audit] to see a list of all clients and their current patch status.

By default, the patch data is updated at 23:00 every day.
We recommend that before you begin a CVE audit you refresh the data to ensure you have the latest patches.

.Procedure: Updating Patch Data
. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Admin[Task Schedules] and select the ``cve-server-channels-default`` schedule.
. Click btn:[cve-server-channels-bunch].
. Click btn:[Single Run Schedule] to schedule the task.

> Allow the task to complete before continuing with the CVE audit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Allow the task to complete before continuing with the CVE audit.
```

For more information about the patch status icons used on this page, see xref:reference:audit/audit-cve-audit.adoc[].

For each system, the [guimenu]``Actions`` column provides information about what you need to do to address vulnerabilities.
If applicable, a list of candidate channels or patches is also given.
You can also assign systems to a [guimenu]``System Set`` for further batch processing.

You can use the {productname} API to verify the patch status of your clients.
Use the ``audit.listSystemsByPatchStatus`` API method.
For more information about this method, see the {productname} API Guide.

== OVAL

[IMPORTANT]
====
In addition to retrieving CVE information from channel data, {productname} now includes an experimental feature that fetches CVE details from OVAL files.

> This functionality is currently in its *first phase* and is considered a *Tech Preview*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality is currently considered a *Technology Preview*.
```

Users are encouraged to experiment with this feature and share feedback.
However, it is not yet recommended for production use without thorough testing in a test environment.
====

The CVE Audit operation relies on two primary data sources: channels and OVAL (Open Vulnerability and Assessment Language).
These two sources provide the metadata for conducting CVE audits, each serving a distinct purpose.

Channels::
Channels include the updated software packages, including the patches, and provide insights into the essential patches required to address vulnerabilities.

> OVAL (Tech Preview)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OVAL (Technology Preview)::
```

* OVAL data is updated at 23:00 every day by default.
  We recommend that before you begin a CVE audit you refresh the data to ensure you have the latest vulnerabilities metadata.
====

.Procedure: Enabling OVAL Data Support

. Add or modify the following setting in [literal]``rhn.conf``:  

+
----
java.cve_audit.enable_oval_metadata=true
----
+
. Restart the Tomcat and Taskomatic services:

+
----
systemctl restart tomcat taskomatic
----

If you encounter issues and need to revert to the default behavior, disable the feature by setting:

.Procedure: Disabling OVAL Data Support

. Add or modify the following setting in [literal]``rhn.conf``:
+
----
java.cve_audit.enable_oval_metadata=false
----
+
. Restart the Tomcat and Taskomatic services:

+
----
systemctl restart tomcat taskomatic
----

.Procedure: Updating OVAL Data
. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Admin[Task Schedules] and select the ``oval-data-sync-default`` schedule.
. Click btn:[oval-data-sync-bunch].
. Click btn:[Single Run Schedule] to schedule the task.

Allow the task to complete before continuing with the CVE audit.

> === Collecting CPE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Collect CPE
```
